README.md, before:

# MobileProjectDevDiary


---

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Day to Day Developer Diary](#Diary)
- [References](#references)

---

## Description

Developer Diary for mobile app development 3 unity game Project




[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---
## Day to Day Developer Diary


## 1/11/2020 - 20/11/2020

Studied the Design Document and researched into the different areas needed to carry out the designed game.
With all of my reasearch into what was needed for my game I realised that the only area I would need to look further into was the multiplayer functionality.
As I have had no experience as of yet around multiplayer.This which will be a new learning experience.To date after all my research I have created a repository called 3dEndlessRunnerProject
where I initially created a game with a course my player would take.But I came into an issue with my game scene which had frozen and led me restarting my project with a new repository called "3dEndlessRunnerNew".

## 20/11/2020 

Project repository created and game started.I have created a plane that is being used as the main track of my 3dendless runner game.Then I went and created each tranglur structure using 
3d cylinders to achieve the effect that was given in the design document pictures.These which I put in Pink to match.I then went and created the main player using different 3d shapes to match the character given in the design document pictures also.
These steps which took some timne in doing.I then added The player controller functionality where they could move using the wasd or arrow keyboard keys. 
I then imported an asset from the asset store of a skybox that gave my game a nice futuristic space like feel which the design theme set out for.I went and then added music to my game that plays at the beinning of the game for a "Cyberpunk 80s theme" feel as requested in the design document.
![](Images/filename%20playerImage.png)
![](Images/filename%20mapLayout.png)

## 20/11/2020 

I went and added the functionality of the player being able to jump on request by the user when the spacebar is pressed.

[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---

## References






[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---






[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

Commit message:

added player and camera move in sync and new levels and the change in enemies/pickups

README.md, after:

# MobileProjectDevDiary


---

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Day to Day Developer Diary](#Diary)
- [References](#references)

---

## Description

Developer Diary for mobile app development 3 unity game Project




[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---
## Day to Day Developer Diary


## 1/11/2020 - 20/11/2020

Studied the Design Document and researched into the different areas needed to carry out the designed game.
With all of my reasearch into what was needed for my game I realised that the only area I would need to look further into was the multiplayer functionality.
As I have had no experience as of yet around multiplayer.This which will be a new learning experience.To date after all my research I have created a repository called 3dEndlessRunnerProject
where I initially created a game with a course my player would take.But I came into an issue with my game scene which had frozen and led me restarting my project with a new repository called "3dEndlessRunnerNew".

## 20/11/2020 

Project repository created and game started.I have created a plane that is being used as the main track of my 3dendless runner game.Then I went and created each tranglur structure using 
3d cylinders to achieve the effect that was given in the design document pictures.These which I put in Pink to match.I then went and created the main player using different 3d shapes to match the character given in the design document pictures also.
These steps which took some timne in doing.I then added The player controller functionality where they could move using the wasd or arrow keyboard keys. 
I then imported an asset from the asset store of a skybox that gave my game a nice futuristic space like feel which the design theme set out for.I went and then added music to my game that plays at the beinning of the game for a "Cyberpunk 80s theme" feel as requested in the design document.
![](Images/filename%20playerImage.png)
![](Images/filename%20mapLayout.png)

## 20/11/2020 

I went and added the functionality of the player being able to jump on request by the user when the spacebar is pressed.


## 03/12/2020 

I redone my Level 1 scene and this time I made the player and the camera move in the same direction in Sync (this done by two scripts.one for camera and one for player character).This which pushes the player forward in the correct way for an Infinite Runner Game.I also created another two levels identical to the first bar the enemies and pickups located on the players route.This which I have different in each level as I am distinguishing the difference in levels and what they should contain.for eg: (level 1 for now has 1 enemy ) (level 2 for now has 3 enemys and one pickup ) (level 3 for now has 5 enemys and two pick ups ).This just for myself to keep the level requirements visable and a self reminder.

[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---

## References






[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)

---






[Back To The Top](#MobileProjectDevDiary)
